Modified to use ghcr.io as a container registry (#114)
topolvm/pvc-autoresizer: README.md

## Container images

Container images are available on [ghcr.io](https://github.com/topolvm/pvc-autoresizer/pkgs/container/pvc-autoresizer)  

> **Please note that [the image on quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/topolvm/pvc-autoresizer) is currently deprecated and will no longer be available in the future.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note that [the images on quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/topolvm/pvc-autoresizer) are currently deprecated and will no longer be available in the future.**
```
